the only thing people want to talk about
today is this clark this
uh interstellar comet one of the first
chunks is about to hit
only part of it and it's going in the
ocean two would you look at that
oh my god this movie grabbed me right
from
the start this family is a snapshot of
what all of humanity are going through
two days and there's a ton of fragments
on that thing planet killers
you're not sure that things are gonna
work out and it gives you somewhere to
go in the end and i thought that was
really exciting
we're on this thrill ride with them and
the entire cinematic experience is built
off of that
they've been tracking the military
flights to bunkers and greenland
it's a family drama but with this movie
monster
building in the background it's this big
disaster movie huge in scale
the style of filming is very much
dynamic it adds to the intensity of the
events that are taking place in the film
we'll find him it's okay it's an action
movie
it's fun to watch but it's very real you
have the scope
and the epicness that we were looking
for and it's highly entertaining and
exciting no matter what i'm gonna get my
family
into that bunker
[Music]
you